hi guys what is up welcome back to my
channel so today I'm doing a
bathing-suit haul I can't tell you how
long I've wanted to do this for like I
think since I went to Tulum and February
I bought some new bathing suits and from
a couple different places mainly I'm
we're gonna be looking at a full gym
shark and then there's another brand let
me choose this one still has its tag on
it actually I don't want this one but
you will get to that this company though
is called bound bond I Australia so
we're gonna be going over those three
brands I'm gonna show you what I bought
and where I got them and how they fit
fit a petite frame honestly Tulum was so
fun and like if you guys want a
different video on Tulum I could make
one just recommendations and stuff but
Tulum Mexico it's kind of like a trendy
place to go right now when I was down
there I pretty much only met people from
LA or from New York and they were all
like content creators or photographers
or real estate investors but most of
them were content creators which was fun
because there's this really famous gym
in Tulum called the jungle gym and it's
a beach gym and I actually met someone
there we helped each other create
content so that's always fun
someone who's just like getting to you
know this trip was special to me because
it was a girls trip and it was the first
time in recent years that I remember
feeling totally free and confident and
sexy and just amazing in my body wearing
a two-piece
I cannot remember last time I really
felt that way and I live in New York so
I don't wear everything too often so it
was probably like a few years ago that I
last put on a bathing suit and this was
just such a great trip because I loved
all the bathing suits I brought it was
so fun to wear them and I took a lot of
pictures and you guys I'm still posting
them on Instagram but you'll see a lot
of those bathing suits from my
in today's haul definitely there were
some bathing suits that came out as like
a top fave and some that were like not
good for sports or working out or
anything and I actually even worked out
in one of the bathing suits at the
jungle gym which was awesome so I'm
gonna run through how they fit what I
think of them
Zappa was kind of a contentious company
just kind of like a fast-fashion I don't
really want to support them and this
isn't sponsored or anything like that it
was just this one but I do wanted to
show you guys what I got and do a little
review so let's get into it all right
we're gonna go through all of the baffle
ones first and guys I apologize my
sweatshirt is so wrinkled I just
realized it's like a total scrub but
it's so wrinkled they can't really be
bothered to iron it right now and we're
friends so you guys will accept me as I
am hopefully so let's start with this
one this bathing suit and I'll put the
links if I can find them in the comment
below and the caption it's a little
wrinkled right now because it's been
sitting in a drawer but this one was
probably my favorite bikini I ordered
from South Pole it has an underwire it's
kind of that style that I've seen on a
lot of women in the last maybe year so
it's kind of become trendy um it has
like an underwire and then this thing in
the middle which I thought would look
weird but actually because I'm so small
chested I liked the way it kind of like
scooped my boob and just like the way it
sat on me I thought it looked really
kind of just elegant and fit and
contoured like my small breasts in a way
that I thought I thought it was nice I
thought was cute and the bottom so a
note about saffle from what I could tell
when I looked online and I'm gonna tell
you guys like all of the things you need
to know about Sappho because there's
quite a few things you should know
before you shop there they don't have a
lot of non cheeky options I was looking
for something cheeky so that's good in
my case but if you're looking for more
coverage you're gonna probably have to
scrub the site I know they have some non
chichi but like a lot of their bathing
suits like look at this this the back
the budget is almost the same cut size
as the crotch
like when I first took this out of the
package I was like yeah this is gonna be
an issue
ended up not being an issue because I
like it cheeki there see there's like
probably only a half an inch on each
side extra fabric and high-waisted I was
also I love high-waisted I think it
looks amazing on petite women just gives
you like high leg look like nice
curvaceous like slim thick look which I
really like and yeah so the fabric just
like a note to the fabrics um if you're
getting the cheeky kind of cut on saffle
they're gonna be cheeky so just get
ready for that and also some general
things God's awful since we're talking
about this now they're sizing I guess
can be a little weird I guess you can't
really order different sizes for tops
and bottoms you just have to say like
I'm a small and they send you a small on
the top and the bottom I thought that
this was gonna be a huge issue I ordered
a bunch of different saffle bathing
suits I didn't think I would actually
any of them would fit to be honest and
then they all ended up fitting me except
for one and I'll show you guys that one
so basically this one fit really well
but it's a small on the top oh boy just
drop us and a small on the bottom and
I'm typically an extra small on the top
and then a small on the bottom because I
have a butt but my my boobs are small
but I was surprised it actually fit me
and that's across the board for the
other bathing suits too so this one is
cute also love the color looks really
good on like a freshly spray-tan body if
I do say so myself
okay next up this Velvets kind of like
tank bikini I got for example um I also
loved this one I like the velvet trend I
know it's kind of like an old or try now
I mean I bought these a few months ago
but I really like that shiny look the
only thing is that these this top is
tiny like it's like really small I had
even slightly bigger boobs they would
have been popping out like bottom and
top inside and everywhere so it's a
little small but if you're on the
smaller side then it's pretty fine and
then the same thing goes for this bottom
this has the I couldn't even tell which
was the front crotch and which was the
booty because
so it's the same on each side like
crotch but same cut I just made a song
so basically you could wear it either
way it's like a reversible crotch but
situation
honestly oddly enough I was fine with it
so I'm not even complaining here I
actually kind of liked the way it ended
up fitting me I like the cheeky look as
I said and I love this color love the
velvet next up on that there are pretty
much all high waisted yeah they are I
generally don't like tank tops on me
because my moves are small so it kind of
falls off but also I like whatever is
here kind of just like to sits on it and
I don't know I've never really felt like
this look is flattering on me I changed
my mind
when I tried this on because it was just
the amiright amount of padding it says
is padded and I should mention all of
the ones I bought a padded which I
personally like it because it just I
feel like it helps with like contouring
and there are certain bikinis I would
rather have no padding in but I like to
the support in this because these always
fall off me but yeah this also has like
a little wire on the side help keep it
up which is what I needed for this to
not fall down and yeah I thought it was
super flattering and a nice color and
just cute it's a little big but not big
enough that I can't wear it and the
bottom is different than the other ones
this wasn't much sizes this one's more
coverage but still cheeky if you know
what I mean and this one finally
crotches actually cut different than the
backs like you see a little bit more
coverage and I was very happy with how
this turned out I really like the high
waisted look it just was good for like
the fourth day in tulum after I'd had
many many a taco and I just wanted to
relax and not have to worry so much
about like sucking it in or just feeling
uncomfortable with like some bloke going
on from changing like my hydration and
my tie
and everything which is inevitable if
you're going on vacation and you're
going to have a diet change you're not
gonna stay as lean on like your first
day is on your fifth day and that's also
why you're trying to get a certain pick
like try to take them all the first day
when you feel amazing and you're in your
element and everything so yeah love this
one this was a good like third day
fourth day meetings too so this was the
only one that didn't fit me and it's so
I still I didn't return it because it
was so cheap it's Apple I think they do
offer returns I thought this looks so
good online but it's like for someone
like with some big oops some tickle
biddies you know what I'm saying like
these were not putting my little
coconuts so unfortunately I couldn't
wear it but if any of you guys want
anything I could do a little giveaway
I'm gonna be sure you can just buy
yourself it's not expensive and then the
this was actually cute on to just the
top was just obviously for someone with
more of more bust size than me and this
is the packaging comes in I don't
appreciate that they use so much plastic
that's not my favorite thing but I guess
they get their bathing suits from all
over the internet it's not just one
company I think when you order something
and then they go and find it and send it
to you and there's another thing I just
want to caution you all and prepare
y'all because if you're going on
vacation and you're anything like me and
you leave it to last-minute to get all
your bathing suits saffle is not gonna
be a good situation
they took 30 days to send my bathing
suits and it says seven days on the
website I called their customer service
which they don't have by the way they
just have email customer service as far
as I could tell many times I emailed
them and I was like what's going on I'm
not gonna have these in time I only
order these for Tulum and they kind of
explained
it says seven to ten days on the website
but then you have to leave on an
additional ten days or two weeks for
shipping or something and so it ended up
being full 30 days I was so lucky they
showed up in my mail the night before I
flew out so I had them with me but I was
like sweating the whole time and I ran
to a different store to get some backups
in case they didn't come which is what
I'm gonna show you next so if you are
going on vacation just make sure you
leave a good amount of padding to make
sure babies just come in the mail or
else feel like almost have nothing to
wear
what's not good okay next up the bounds
of the small australia bathing suits I
got these at Paragon which is a fitness
store in Manhattan paramount sports and
hope you tried on every bathing suit in
this store and didn't like any of them
until I found this one and they have so
many cute different variations and sizes
I haven't seen the website but I'm sure
they have them all up on their website
and they had like great mix and match
every color you can imagine and it's
made out of neoprene I believe so it's
like surfer material quality really high
quality by the way extremely expensive
like I couldn't believe I spent this
much money on it this was $50 and this
was like 50 bucks or maybe 75 75 it was
expensive definitely out of my price
range but I was desperate so had it
happen um it's very very stretchy which
is great because you can like turn it
into you can I don't know I just fit me
so well like mold to your body and then
I liked the top no padding just like a
simple top this was great for like
swimming and running around frolicking
in tulum and I loved it
and then I also bought a one Keeney
which I clearly didn't wear because I
don't know I just like to have the
option of some additional coverage if I
have a bloated night or something and
I'm not feeling confident I ended up not
having one of those sites in Tulum I
just felt confident the whole time like
even if I felt a little bloated I still
felt good in a two-piece that I still
felt great and I was like I want to show
off my body and like I just feel good
which was great that I bought this as
backup it's very
I really like it has an open back and
we'll see how much this one is I haven't
taken off yet 149 dollars like not my
proudest moments um not how I normally
spend my money especially being a
start-up and a business owner I don't
have money like that it's a good option
it's good to have a one piece in your
life reasons okay saving the best for
last because this is definitely the my
most favorite matings have ever bought
and I didn't expect it to be it's the
gym shark one and they're not currently
on their website but I bet you guys that
they'll do a restock for this summer
because it was a really popular item
they had and they made multiple colors
I have no idea ah Jim shark affiliated
obviously I wish but yeah they're
they're probably gonna be back and if
they're not whatever they release
instead for the summer swimwear swimwear
line will be fab as well because this
quality I am living for it it was like
first of all I love this top look
because it's like a sports bra already
so it's just naturally like I feel
confident and something that's fits me
like this like I feel secure there's not
like any like I don't you don't know you
know like nothing clips in the back like
with this Apple ones they will not
withstand an ocean swim let me put it
that way they're good for like a beach
walk a photo shoot a casual tanning
session they are not good for running
hiking swimming anything you are
actually really supposed to do in the
beginning suit and that's because they
under show you they have so many
attachments like this who just pops off
even the back like it's not gonna pop
off just walking around but I couldn't
guarantee you if I tried to swim in them
they would have come off like in the
ocean maybe not a pool what's great
about these is you don't have to worry
about anything coming off because it's
just you know it's just like a sports
bra it's double lined and it has a
really small pattern in which I
appreciate just for extra support
because this was the one I wore at the
jungle gym and I got so many compliments
on it and I felt like I was it was
awesome honestly like working out in
your bathing suit on a beach Under the
Sun
ah like nothing better than that feeling
I never thought I would love it but it
was great and the bottom was I was
worried because I saw a lot of the Jim
shark affiliates it looks like really
tight in the waistband and then maybe
not so flattering in the booty but I
actually thought it turned out really
well
like I really liked how it fit me um I
liked how tight the waistband was it's
not I don't know it's just it's a tight
band but it's really stretchy so it kind
of fits it can stretch and it's
high-waisted so yeah I guess I was just
worried it would be like cause like my
like body and roll over it but it didn't
it was fine and the only thing was
immediately when I bought it this Jim
shark label broke which I was not happy
about so that's the only like cheap part
of it I should probably just cut this
off but yeah I think that was a fluke
because there's a piece on this one
that's really secure and this one you
could easily do like sports and I
actually didn't I filmed a workout and
then post it on Instagram in this
bathing suit and you guys loved it like
everyone was like where did you get that
so yeah you guys that concludes this
bathing suit haul it was really fun to
wearing these suits and trying them on
and I want you guys to know that it does
not matter like all that matters when
you're writing being suit is that you
feel good and confident and I find that
shopping for being suits and like
getting in the spirit of wearing them
can improve that confidence level and
just if you have some of you're excited
to wear and feel good in your body I
think it helps and not to be superficial
or anything I just I had always not
really looked forward to shopping for
bathing suits so this was kind of the
first time I like where I was like
excited for it and I think like just
having open a mindset when you're
shopping and try a lot on and don't just
get discouraged and honestly online
shopping is a lot less stressful in my
opinion because you're not like out of
breath carrying a million things and
going back and forth between the
changing room just like order it try it
on
send it back
and no one has to know how like much of
a hassle your day was or how many things
didn't fit or you know what I mean it's
just like more about you trying them on
in the comfort of your home so yeah I
want you guys to feel good in your main
suit remember it's really just not about
how you look it's how you feel I'm
pretty sure like I looked great
in my old bathing suits too and it was
just a matter of like how I was seeing
myself and how secure I felt in the
beta-2 and how like confident and yeah
just it's just like a mindset right it's
not really about anything else so this
was really really fun to me if you guys
have any questions about anything and
again actually I should tell you the
sizes I'm all over the place you guys oh
my god the gym shirt was an extra small
on the top and an extra small on the
bottom the bondi bondi I'm just gonna
call them Bondi now know it's not bond
day it's found was uh oh that's the
other thing the bound ones are one size
fits all so you can't even get a smaller
size they're just like they're so
stretchy and I know that's how they
insane but they actually did fit me like
really well like they're tight on me and
there are one size fits all situation
and then all those apples I ordered a
small and they actually fit except for
this large green one that we already
talked about so yeah you guys I hope you
enjoyed this I'm also gonna do us pretty
soon an ASOS petite loungewear haul I
ordered some stuff this is from it
coming out in a little bit and if you
guys liked this video and it helped you
as a petite woman understand like sizing
better or some brands to look at it or
you just enjoy it hearing me rant on
about Tulum and attitudes for 10 minutes
then please give us a thumbs up and
subscribe for more content to our two
petite women and I'll talk to you guys
real soon bye
[Music]